# Corn Disease Computer Vision App

For the Hacking for Humanity Hackathon, my team secured first place. I worked with startup Konbit, and created a Computer Vision app to detect Corn Diseases. I then deployed this application on a web server. This was a great experience which allowed me to practice data collection with web scraping, data augmentation, training and building computer vision models with Tensorflow, and using these models for accurate prediction. It also taught me how to deploy applications on a server. 

### Overview 
Native American farms are regularly plagued by Gray Leaf Spot, Southern Rust, and Anthracnose, diseases which destroy their harvest. Konbit aims to combat Food Deserts and scarcity in Native American lands with high-tech geodesic microfarms. One potential technology proposed for the geodesics is to fit them with cameras that use Machine Learning to monitor crop quality, soil quality, or disease outbreak. As a proof of concept, I developed a Computer Vision app to identify is a corn leaf is healthy or diseased (most common disease: gray leaf spot). A list of prevalent corn diseases can be found [here](https://www.cropscience.bayer.us/learning-center/articles/corn-diseases-threaten-yields).

### Project details
Data for model training was collected with a web-scraping program. The computer vision app was built with Tensorflow. After the model was built successfully, it was deployed to a web app for a live demonstration. We then created a 10 minute presentation and pitched our technology to judges at the Hackathon. Final presentation recording and slides can be viewed [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1yFeyez01-_Y1zcrHPuQN0XStmjFjqmzi?usp=sharing). Vision app on web server can be viewed [here](https://corn-disease-categorization.onrender.com/). Fast responsive Web App for Keras or Tensorflow2 Vision models using Starlette.io framework with Uvicorn ASGI server.
